doc/pages/getting_started/index.adoc, before:

=== Requirements

* https://github.com/vim/vim[Vim] v9.1 or later, https://github.com/neovim/neovim[Neovim] v0.10.0 or later
* https://github.com/babashka/babashka[Babashka] v1.12.194 or later
* https://github.com/clj-kondo/clj-kondo[Clj-kondo] (Optional but highly recommended)

=== Installation

This is an example of installation using https://github.com/junegunn/vim-plug[vim-plug].

.vim-plug
[source,vim]
----
Plug 'liquidz/elin'
----

.dein
[source,vim]
----
call dein#add('liquidz/elin')
----

Elin does not map any keys by default.
If you want to use the default key mappings, see <<Key mappings>>.


=== Quick start

For quick start, you don't need to create any project!
Just open a Clojure file and run the following command.

[source,shell]
----
$ vim foo.clj

# Execute the following command in Vim/Neovim
# :ElinInstantConnect babashka
----

You will to connect REPL, so let’s execute the next command.

[source,vim]
----
:ElinEval (+ 1 2 3 4 5)
----


==== Start in your project

In the example above, we used a simple case with Babashka, but if you already have a Clojure project, you can get started by following the steps below.

First, start the REPL with the following command.
Alternatively, you can also start the REPL within the Elin server using the <<ElinJackIn>> command.

[source,shell]
----
$ clj -Sdeps '{:deps {nrepl/nrepl {:mvn/version "1.5.2"} cider/cider-nrepl {:mvn/version "0.58.0"}}}' -M -m nrepl.cmdline --middleware "[cider.nrepl/cider-middleware]" --interactive
----

Once the REPL is running, connect to the REPL using the <<ElinConnect>> command.

Commit message:

docs: Add help for elin command setup

doc/pages/getting_started/index.adoc, after:

=== Requirements

* https://github.com/vim/vim[Vim] v9.1 or later, https://github.com/neovim/neovim[Neovim] v0.10.0 or later
* https://github.com/babashka/babashka[Babashka] v1.12.194 or later
* https://github.com/clj-kondo/clj-kondo[Clj-kondo] (Optional but highly recommended)

=== Installation

This is an example of installation using https://github.com/junegunn/vim-plug[vim-plug].

.vim-plug
[source,vim]
----
Plug 'liquidz/elin'
----

.dein
[source,vim]
----
call dein#add('liquidz/elin')
----

Elin does not map any keys by default.
If you want to use the default key mappings, see <<Key mappings>>.

==== (OPTIONAL) Enabling elin command [[elin-command]]

`elin` is a utility command for Elin.
To setting up, just add the `bin` directory under the installed elin directory to `$PATH` environmental variable.

[source,shell]
----
# For bash or zsh
$ export PATH=$PATH:/path/to/elin/bin

# For fish
$ set -x PATH /path/to/elin/bin $PATH
----

To confirm setup, run the following command.

[source,shell]
----
$ elin --help
----

=== Quick start

For quick start, you don't need to create any project!
Just open a Clojure file and run the following command.

[source,shell]
----
$ vim foo.clj

# Execute the following command in Vim/Neovim
# :ElinInstantConnect babashka
----

You will to connect REPL, so let’s execute the next command.

[source,vim]
----
:ElinEval (+ 1 2 3 4 5)
----


==== Start in your project

In the example above, we used a simple case with Babashka, but if you already have a Clojure project, you can get started by following the steps below.

First, start the REPL with the following command.
Alternatively, you can also start the REPL within the Elin server using the <<ElinJackIn>> command.

[source,shell]
----
$ clj -Sdeps '{:deps {nrepl/nrepl {:mvn/version "1.5.2"} cider/cider-nrepl {:mvn/version "0.58.0"}}}' -M -m nrepl.cmdline --middleware "[cider.nrepl/cider-middleware]" --interactive
----

Once the REPL is running, connect to the REPL using the <<ElinConnect>> command.
